README.md, before:

# A NodeJS Wrapper around Open Directory Downloader

![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/open-directory-downloader?style=for-the-badge)

This is a wrapper around KoalaBear84/OpenDirectoryDownloader, exposing functionality and output of the CLI in JavaScript.

Open Directory Downloader is a CLI tool for indexing so-called *Open Directories*, which are HTTP servers exposing files and folders for browsing and downloading. For more info visit [the subreddit](https://reddit.com/r/opendirectories)

## Compatible Versions of OpenDirectoryDownloader

| Wrapper Version | Supported OpenDirectoryDownloader Versions | Included Version |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 1.0.0 | >1.9.3.1 | 1.9.3.3 |

## Installation

```shell
npm i open-directory-downloader
```

Upon installation, the latest supported OpenDirectoryDownloader binary will automatically be downloaded from GitHub.  
If this should fail, a local installation can be used instead (see below).

## Class OpenDirectoryDownloader

### OpenDirectoryDownloader([executablePath, outputDirectory])

- `executablePath` (`String`) (optional): The full path to the OpenDirectoryDownloader executable.  
  Allows you to use your own installation of OpenDirectoryDownloader.
- `outputDirectory` (`String`) (optional): The full path to the directory where OpenDirectoryDownloader save its scan files.  
  Required if `executablePath` is set.
- Returns: An instance of `OpenDirectoryDownloader`

*Constructor*

### OpenDirectoryDownloader.scanUrl(url[, keepJson = false])  

- `url` (`String`) (required): The URL to scan/index.
- `keepJson` (`Boolean`) (optional): If set to `true`, the JSON-file generated by the OpenDirectoryDownloader binary won't be deleted after the scan.
- Returns: Promise<[ScanResult](#scanresult)>

*Initiates the scan of the provided URL*

#### ScanResult

- `scannedUrl` The URL that was scanned
- `scan` The parsed JSON-Object created by the OpenDirectoryDownloader binary.  
  Can be very large depending on the size of the Open Directory.
- `scanFile` The full path to the created JSON-file.  
  Only available if `keepJson` was set to `true`.
- `reddit` The markdown-formatted table containing the stats for the Open Directory.  
  Does not include the credits.
- `credits` The markdown signature containing a link to KoalaBear84/OpenDirectoryDownloader

## Examples

### Index a URL

```js
const OpenDirectoryDownloader = require(`open-directory-downloader`);

const odd = new OpenDirectoryDownloader();

odd.scanUrl(url, true)
.then(scanResult => {
  console.log(scanResult)
  // {
  //   scannedUrl: `https://example.com/files`,
  //   scan: {...},
  //   scanFile: `/path/to/scan/file`,
  //   reddit: `
  //     |**Url:** https://example.com/files/||[Urls file](https://gofile.io/?c=XXXXX)|
  //     |:-|-:|-:|
  //     |**Extension (Top 5)**|**Files**|**Size**|
  //     |.mp3|14,779|294.68 GiB|
  //     |.flac|1,449|52.59 GiB|
  //     |.mkv|7|33.3 GiB|
  //     |.zip|7|5.61 GiB|
  //     |.mp4|8|4.85 GiB|
  //     |**Dirs:** 3,623 **Ext:** 119|**Total:** 30,357|**Total:** 415.97 GiB|
  //     |**Date (UTC):** 2021-01-16 15:28:53|**Time:** 00:01:13|**Speed:** 1.4 MB/s (12 mbit)|
  //   `,
  //   credits: `
  //     ^(Created by [KoalaBear84's OpenDirectory Indexer](https://github.com/KoalaBear84/OpenDirectoryDownloader/))
  //   `,
  // }
})
.catch(console.error)

```

Commit message:

new options, some fixes
- added a new `options` parameter
- added `outputFile` option
- renamed `keepJson` to `keepJsonFile` and moved it into the `options` parameter
- added `keepUrlFile` option
- added `performSpeedtest` option
- added `uploadUrlFile` option
- renamed `scanFile` to `jsonFile` in ScanResult
- include `urlFile` in ScanResult
- if scanUrl() rejects, it now returns an Array consisting of the error at index 0 and if possible a subset of ScanResult at index 1
- upgraded to OpenDirectoryDownloader v1.9.3.6
  fixes problems with output file naming and non-ascii characters in URLs
- bump version to 1.1.0

README.md, after:

# A NodeJS Wrapper around Open Directory Downloader

![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/open-directory-downloader?style=for-the-badge)

This is a wrapper around KoalaBear84/OpenDirectoryDownloader, exposing functionality and output of the CLI in JavaScript.

Open Directory Downloader is a CLI tool for indexing so-called *Open Directories*, which are HTTP servers exposing files and folders for browsing and downloading. For more info visit [the subreddit](https://reddit.com/r/opendirectories)

## Compatible Versions of OpenDirectoryDownloader

| Wrapper Version | Supported OpenDirectoryDownloader Versions | Included Version |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 1.1.0 | >1.9.3.5 | 1.9.3.6 |
| 1.0.0 | >1.9.3.1 | 1.9.3.3 |

Some intermediary releases might not be fully supported. It is recommended to use the versions that are included by default.

## Installation

```shell
npm i open-directory-downloader
```

Upon installation, the latest supported OpenDirectoryDownloader binary will automatically be downloaded from GitHub.  
If this should fail, a local installation can be used instead (see below).

For changelogs, please look at the [GitHub release page](https://github.com/Chaphasilor/open-directory-downloader/releases).

## Class OpenDirectoryDownloader

### OpenDirectoryDownloader([executablePath, outputDirectory])

- `executablePath` (`String`) (optional): The full path to the OpenDirectoryDownloader executable.  
  Allows you to use your own installation of OpenDirectoryDownloader.
- `outputDirectory` (`String`) (optional): The full path to the directory where OpenDirectoryDownloader saves its scan files.  
  Required if `executablePath` is set.
- Returns: An instance of `OpenDirectoryDownloader`

*Constructor*

### OpenDirectoryDownloader.scanUrl(url[, options])  

- `url` (`String` or `URL` Object) (required): The URL to scan/index.
- `options` (`Object`) (optional): Additional options for the scan
  - `outputFile` (`String`) (optional, defaults to the escaped URL): The name of the output file(s).
  - `keepJsonFile` (`Boolean`) (optional, default is `false`): Keep the JSON-file generated by the OpenDirectoryDownloader binary after the scan?
  - `keepUrlFile` (`Boolean`) (optional, default is `false`): Keep the text-file generated by the OpenDirectoryDownloader binary after the scan?
  - `performSpeedtest` (`Boolean`) (optional, default is `false`): Perform a speed test after the scan is done? (usually takes a few seconds)
  - `uploadUrlFile` (`Boolean`) (optional, default is `false`): Automatically upload the file containing all the found URLs to GoFile?
- Returns: Promise<Resolves to `ScanResult` | Rejects to `Array<Error[,ScanResult]>`>  
  If the promise rejects, it will return an array where the first element is always an `Error` object and there might also be a second element, which is a `ScanResult` but without the `ScanResult.scan` property.

*Initiates the scan of the provided URL*

#### ScanResult

- `scannedUrl` The URL that was scanned
- `scan` The parsed JSON-Object created by the OpenDirectoryDownloader binary.  
  Can be very large depending on the size of the Open Directory.
- `jsonFile` The full path to the created JSON-file.  
  Only available if `keepJsonFile` was set to `true`.
- `urlFile` The full path to the created text-file.  
  Only available if `keepUrlFile` was set to `true`.
- `reddit` The markdown-formatted table containing the stats for the Open Directory.  
  Does not include the credits.
- `credits` The markdown signature containing a link to KoalaBear84/OpenDirectoryDownloader

## Examples

### Index a URL

```js
const OpenDirectoryDownloader = require(`open-directory-downloader`);

const odd = new OpenDirectoryDownloader();

odd.scanUrl(url, true)
.then(scanResult => {
  console.log(scanResult)
  // {
  //   scannedUrl: `https://example.com/files`,
  //   scan: {...},
  //   jsonFile: `/full/path/to/scan/file`,
  //   urlFile: `/full/path/to/url/file`,
  //   reddit: `
  //     |**Url:** https://example.com/files/||[Urls file](https://gofile.io/?c=XXXXX)|
  //     |:-|-:|-:|
  //     |**Extension (Top 5)**|**Files**|**Size**|
  //     |.mp3|14,779|294.68 GiB|
  //     |.flac|1,449|52.59 GiB|
  //     |.mkv|7|33.3 GiB|
  //     |.zip|7|5.61 GiB|
  //     |.mp4|8|4.85 GiB|
  //     |**Dirs:** 3,623 **Ext:** 119|**Total:** 30,357|**Total:** 415.97 GiB|
  //     |**Date (UTC):** 2021-01-16 15:28:53|**Time:** 00:01:13|**Speed:** 1.4 MB/s (12 mbit)|
  //   `,
  //   credits: `
  //     ^(Created by [KoalaBear84's OpenDirectory Indexer](https://github.com/KoalaBear84/OpenDirectoryDownloader/))
  //   `,
  // }
})
.catch(console.error)

```
